DOC-600 Field level changes for release v.4.31 to v.4.37.0 (#65)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/gcp_bigquery.adoc

== Credentials

> By default Redpanda Connect will use a shared credentials file when connecting to GCP services. You can find out more in xref:guides:cloud/gcp.adoc[].

Reviewer: I think the `job_project` docs look good.

=== `max_bad_records`

> The maximum number of bad records that are ignored when reading data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of bad records to ignore when reading data and <<ignore_unknown_values, `ignore_unknown_values`>> is set to `true`.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

=== `auto_detect`

Whether this component automatically infers the options and schema for `CSV` and `NEWLINE_DELIMITED_JSON` sources. 

> If this value is set to `false` and the destination table doesn't exist, the output may throw an insertion error as it is unable to insert data. 

Reviewer 2: Why 'may'? What other conditions determine whether an error is thrown?

Author: Agreed. This error will occur. Updated to reflect this.

> CAUTION: This field delegates schema detection to the GCP BigQuery service. For the `CSV` format, values like `"no"` may be treated as booleans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CAUTION: This field delegates schema detection to the GCP BigQuery service. For the `CSV` format, values like `no` may be treated as booleans.
```

Author: Updated as requested.
